
                                                        Commit-one-file:
                            git add A.txt and then git commit. This puts A.txt on the staging area and then commits it.




                                                        Commit-one-staged-file:
                            git reset HEAD — A.txt. This removes A.txt from the staging area and the git commit commits this.




                                                        Ignore them:
                            Touch .gitignore creates a hidden file named .gitignore. Using vim editor I changed its content to
                                            *.exe
                                            *.o
                                            *.jar
                                            libraries/

                            After this I ran git config --global core.excludesFile ~/.gitignore
                            To configure the file.






                                                        Chase branch:
                            git merge escaped works.



                                                        Merge conflict:
                            First merge by git merge another-piece-of-work .
                            code . To open vs code and then edit the file so it’s just 2+3=5. (You can use vim too).

                            git add equation.txt ( or git add .) git commit.




                                                        Save your work:
                            git stash
                            Then changing the txt file thorough vs code. Git stash pop. Adding “Finally, finished it!” And committing worked.




                                                        Change-branch-history:
                            git rebase hot-bugfix worked




                                                        Remove ignored:
                            git rm ignored.txt worked




                                                        Case sensitive filename:
                            git mv File.txt file.txt changes the name of file. Then add . And commit works.




                                                        Fix typo:
                            code .
                            Fix the bug and then git add .
                            Then git commit -m “Add Hello world” —amend
                            This worked.

                            Forge date:
                            git commit —amend —no-edit —date “01/01/1987” worked.

                                                    Fix old typo:
                            Git rebase -I HEAD~3
                            Remove the extra commit
                            code . => edit the file.
                            git add .
                            git rebase —continue and then commit these changes.
